this is a 2012 Road Keane classic at the
HRC
this is the hot white pearl
this is a bike that you customized here
at the dealership
it's got 16-inch carlini gangster apes
there are the inch and a half around and
put the chrome front end
cause rotors the thunder skirt trim
there it's got all the headlamp and turn
signal and passing lamp bezels
and chromed out switch housings like
chrome clutch and brake lever custom
grips harley-davidson brakes and chrome
brake master cylinder
and it's got the rear turn signal lamp
bezels as well
and it's got the passenger floorboard
covers in the rear as well this has the
one on three cubic inch motor stock
exhaust will fire it up real quick